hallelujah the song is in G and I'll
teach you the intro baseline for it well
I don't play fast right now then I'll
bring it down for you
temple that they played on now will oh
I'll tell you the I'll break it down to
you
so first no it is in fourth string third
fret a G second note - third string
third fret 3rd note it's in third string
but fifth fret fourth note it's in
second string fourth fret 5th note it's
in second fret 6th note then you scoot
up one more note which is in 7th fret
the next note is good one more note up
it's in ninth fret and after that you
can go up a string you go to the third
string and seventh fret and seventh fret
then you go to fourth string on tenth
fret on tenth fret after that you go to
third string on ninth fret and your last
note it's in third string 10th fret
that's the total issue up and I'm an
intro tab so I'm gonna play it for you
one more time in slow
all right and just for you I'm gonna
wrap it up for the past week
you